# Highlights

# 1. **Easy to Join**

TaskOn is designed to be inclusive and open to all Web3 users. Joining the platform is quick and hassle-free, allowing users to start participating in tasks and collaborations right away. 

By logging in through Twitter or Discord and connecting their social media and wallet accounts, users can easily access all of TaskOn's features without any restrictions. In addition to enjoying the benefits of Web3 collaboration, users can also earn rewards by participating in campaigns.

Every user can participate without any restrictions or limitations.

# 2. Zero Cost

TaskOn does not require users to deposit any assets or purchase NFTs to participate in campaigns. There are no additional costs that users need to pay, and the entry cost is almost zero, with a high chance of winning a reward.

This means that users can freely participate in the TaskOn platform without any concerns about fees.

# 3. Staked Rewards

Campaign creators can now stake rewards in advance on TaskOn, making them public and transparent. This ensures the distribution of rewards to users once the campaign is completed.

No more worries about rewards not being distributed on time after participating in a campaign.

# 4. Anti-bot Measures

TaskOn has implemented a double-layered approach to filter out bots from joining events. This includes Google's Captcha and TaskOn's own algorithm to remove invalid bots. All task submissions are available only to real users, and TaskOn verifies user qualifications to ensure that winners are real users.

Secretly telling you that the lower the number of bots, the higher the chance of winning!

*Captcha, Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart

# 5. Diverse Rewards

TaskOn offers a variety of rewards, including tokens, NFTs, whitelists, and EXP, among others. There are numerous campaigns for users to choose from, with high rewards.

Diverse Web3 rewards to surprise you!

# 6. Learn & Explore

TaskOn is an excellent platform for users to learn and explore more about various projects and the industry, including DeFi, GameFi, exchanges, and media. Users can get first-hand updates from these projects while participating in campaigns.

Always at the forefront of the Web3 market.

# 7. Follow & Track

Users can easily follow and track the campaigns they have participated in. Once a campaign is finished, users will receive a notification automatically to check their eligibility.

TaskOn can serve as your smart assistant to automate the entire process of tracking campaign progress.

# 8. Save Time

TaskOn's auto-verification feature saves users a lot of time and effort in manual verification. Additionally, users receive notifications if they are winners, saving them time in checking if they have won.

Intelligent algorithms help you save time and effort at every step.